---
layout: archive
title: ""
permalink: /research/
author_profile: true
---
## Research Assistant at [Sharif University of Technology](https://aut.ac.ir/)
_Under the Supervision of  [Ehsaneddin Asgari](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=lIVvIFsAAAAJ&hl=en) at Computer Engineering Department._

### Utilizing Large Language Models for Medical Question Answering in Persian and English
It introduces a model that utilizes PubMed QA and PubMed summarization datasets for answering questions and novel dataset including persian-english sentences with translated disease names. This model is equipped to respond to medical questions in both Persian and English by following these steps:
- A dataset is created using a Large Language Models (LLMs) to formulate sentences featuring disease names in both English and Persian.
- The small-100 translator model is fine-tuned with this dataset to accurately translate medical sentences from English to Persian and vice versa.
- The PubMed QA dataset is used to obtain embeddings via Bio-Bert.
- ElasticSearch is utilized for vector search, which produces a multitude of documents.
- Bio-Bert, T5, and Large Language Models (LLMs) are used to summarize the documents provided by ElasticSearch. The T5 and Bio-Bert models are fine-tuned using the PubMed summarization dataset.

*July. 2023 – Present*

_Under the Supervision of  [Ehsaneddin Asgari](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=lIVvIFsAAAAJ&hl=en) at Computer Engineering Department._

### Utilizing Large Language Models for Multilingual News Question Answering
It introduces a model that utilizes news dataset, generated by other students, for answering questions. This model is equipped to respond to news questions in all languages by following these steps:
- The small-100 translator model is evaluated for its ability to accurately translate sentences in different languages.
- Use Bio-Bert in order to get embedding.
- ElasticSearch is utilized for vector search, which produces a multitude of news documents.
- T5 and Large Language Models (LLMs) are used to summarize the documents provided by ElasticSearch (The T5 model is fine-tuned).
  
*August. 2023 – Present*

_Under the Supervision of  [Abbas Heydarnoori](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=s5vgK3kAAAAJ&hl=en) at Computer Engineering Department._

###  Bug Issues Ranker Based on Frequently Used Programming Methods, Sentiment, and Reactions
The model being introduced sorts the issues based on their methods using a call graph and some other features.  It calculates the frequency of method usage, analyzes sentiment, and reactions, giving more importance to issues linked to the most commonly used methods, those with the highest reaction rate, and those displaying the most negative sentiment. The model is also engineered to pinpoint methods related to each issue in large, high-quality GitHub projects. It performs in following the steps below:

- Crawl most important github projects' issues and preprocess their methods.
- Build call graph by using the method calls.
- Compute sentiment of issues and extract statistics related to issue reactions
- Use FastText, TF-IDF, and transformer models in order to find related methods to each issues based on their priority.
  
*August. 2022 – Present*

_Under the Supervision of  [Abbas Heydarnoori](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=s5vgK3kAAAAJ&hl=en) at Computer Engineering Department._

### A Unique Approach for Node Identification, Weighted Tree for HTML Page, and Difference Calculation in DOM Trees (HDNA)
It identifies the differences by assigning a unique identifier, referred to as HDNA (HTML DNA), to each HTML page based on its structure and arrangement of tags. This identifier can be used to detect changes between two or more HTML pages. The approach is designed to efficiently capture structural changes in DOM trees, even with dynamically generated content, by analyzing hierarchical relationships, node attributes, and content variations. This could potentially improve website performance, enhance user experience, and increase security.

- Each tag (DOM node) is assigned an ordered triple (D,N,A)
  - The tag name is represented by A.
  - The count number, represented by N, is the numbering of nodes in the DOM tree from left to right at each level.
  - The number of descendants, represented by D, refers to the number of nodes in a tag’s sub-tree.
- A weighting mechanism is implemented to compute differences between multiple trees.
- The difference can be calculated in various ways depending on the problem, using the DNA and the weight for the trees.
  
*June. 2023 – Present*

## Research Assistant at [University of New South Wales](https://www.unsw.edu.au/)
_Under the Supervision of  [Imran Razzak](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=GlXI4N8AAAAJ&hl=en) and [Usman Naseem](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=61Ou1P8AAAAJ&hl=en)_

### Developing Automated Medical Report Generation for Fundus Fluorescein Angiography Images (A Novel Approach in Ophthalmology Research)
It introduces a model that utilizes FFA-IR datasets, which comprise Fundus Fluorescein Angiography Images and their corresponding reports. The model generates a report for each case based on patient's images by following the steps below:

- A Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) serves as the encoder, extracting features from the medical images.
- Cross-modal mapping aligns the visual and textual features of a medical image and its report. Shared memory records the mappings between visual and textual information.
- A reinforcement learning (RL) strategy over a cross-modal memory (CMM) is proposed to enhance the alignment of visual and textual features. The reinforcement algorithm learns the signal from the reports to guide the cross-modal alignment.

*June. 2023 – Present (Summer internship)*


